Understanding World Cultures is a class about comprehending the standpoints of different people towards a specific aspect of culture. In it, students have a voice in a discussion that encloses broad subjects  from language to politics to personality traits, with the final goal of reaching a consensus to the questions posed by the teacher.

Unfortunately, I just couldn't get involved in this heated debate. I've always held within my beliefs that many of the most controversial subjects in the world are so because of their subjectivity. One other mantra of mine is that other people cannot be changed directly through oneself, perhaps only be influenced.

This lack of interest could be the main challenge this semester. However, surprisingly easy work can be done to accrue involvement in class; putting forward compelling arguments and questioning others can help and getting to know my classmates could make me look forward to the class.
 
Although the class model is completely new to me, I suppose I did have some expectations at the beginning of the course. However, I think they concern more of the teacher and the workflow than the subject itself.

For example, I like to have teachers that strike the balance between strict and fair that impart the majority of the content. I also enjoy structured, repetitive workflows that follow a set of rules that rely on specific strategies.

As for the situation of the actual subject, it is not looking as grim as the other one: I do know nothing about cultures besides the definition and the general idea of what they are. It was like a blank page in my mind, waiting to be filled with knowledge and new ideas.

However, there was still a problem with it. I was expecting the class to be taught the traditional way:teacher assumes the leading role and imparts most of the class with students occasionally filling in with questions but here we have everyone put their opinion forward. 

This new approach makes it harder to get the "facts" down and gets things open for interpretation. There is also a lack of exams in this class which makes it seem as if the focus was truly on Understanding and not Learning. I would, however, enjoy it quite if there was a bit more of focus on the distinct kinds of culture that surround us and how to best handle specific cases such as culture shock or workplace culture.

Needless to say, I will have full compromise with the class in the basic academic things. Going to class every day and getting (or trying) to arrive on time. Handing in every possible job and assignment. Since a big chunk of our grade is participation, I will give it my best to get as involved in the class as possible.

