Why cant she give out an assignment thats actually interesting???

What would i like to see in class?
	I have no expectation of the class
	Maybe i have more of an expectation of the professor
	I do havve one of the class, and thats of it being just another English class focused on cultures.
	I did have a briefer on these two weeks
	Maybe more discussion
	Maybe more freedom when speaking
	Maybe a better organization of how the class is carried through
	|erhaps a more defined study of cultures.
	What about a defined model of one culture per week
	We should be able to cover at least 13 cultures in all of the semestre
	We have not actually seen any kind of culture around here
	we have just defined what kinds of arguments a culture takes and returns
	Perhaps a more teacher-centered approach towards the class
	We have not actually seen any kind of culture around here

	We have just defined what kinds of arguments a culture takes and returns
	Perhaps a more teacher-centered approach towards the class and less round-tabley
What is the way we should do things around here?
	Trick question. People should adapt to the situation. Not to try and change it.
	ive pretty much answere this the question on the top one
	I guess the rules of any common classroom go here
	Lets try the PERSIAT shall we?
		Political: Vote majority, like any other normal classroom	
		Economical: Please dont actually ask us for a book. Most of the books that are asked for in schools are expensive trash that gets a lifetime of about 1 year. If you do ask for one, let it be one that is actually useful once the course ends.
		Religious: The rules establish that the class be free of any idealism or cult. Not necessarily includin discussion about these topics.
		Social: The most important aspect of em all. I propose the following: team work for presentations or long-term projects, at least one round of correctly moderated debate weekly. 
		Intellectual: Discussion must be elicited instead of mindless arguing and shouting.
		Artistic: The class has no particular relevance to this subject
		Technology: BIS.

What will i do to build that culture

	This is a tough one since i have no particular interest in the class from what ive gathered.
	Perhaps get more involved in class
	Perhaps actually write these concerns to my teacher
	Perhaps i should actually go to class	
	Maybe im not interested in class because i cant find something that i
 could apply to my life
	Ill give it my best!
